
You can request support for this product from us.

Support have three levels.




           The Agreement is concluded for 1-year term.

           Agreement on minimal service ($150)
	   -----------------------------------
           1. Notifications of new versions. 
           2. Notifications about the errors found and debugged. Prime
           correction of critical errors, such as "hanging up" or "falling"
           3. Support by e-mail comprising: 

                replies to the questions on configuration, compiling, running 
                replies to the questions on strange and incorrect program's
                operation.

           We do not guarantee immediate debugging, however, we do
           guarantee our reply to your request within 48 hours. 
           4. Your requests related to enhancing the functional opportunities will
           be taken into consideration for the next releases. 

           Agreement on enhanced service ($250)
	   ------------------------------------
           contains all above-mentioned with the following additions/changes: 
           1. Your letters are considered first of all. 
           2. The messages on the program's incorrect or unclear behavior are
           accepted to consideration immediately and, in case the error is found
           (including uncritical errors), the operations on debugging are
           undertaken right away. As soon as the bug is fitted you are being sent
           the appropriate patch.
           3. We provide you with consulting service concerning functional limits
           of the program, offer ways of avoiding the problems.
           4. You make a real influence on inclusion priority of various capabilities
           into the program.

           The Agreement on high priority service ($450)
	   ---------------------------------------------
	   includes all that the agreement "on enhanced service" includes with the
	   following additions/ changes: 
           1. In case you have a problem with program operation and you agree
           to give the developer an opportunity "to come into" your machine, we
           correct the error " just on the spot". As a rule, it takes from several
           hours to 48 hours. 
           2. We can make analysis of your platform and give you the
           recommendations for speeding up the program operation. 
           3. You can order the specific module on condition that you provide us
           with a clear technical project.


Igor Khasilev, igor@paco.net
